Change for Ray.Di: InjectingTheInjector (#34)
ray-di/ray-di.github.io: manuals/1.0/en/bp/InjectingTheInjector.md

---
layout: docs-en
title: InjectingTheInjector
category: Manual
permalink: /manuals/1.0/en/bp/injecting_the_injector.html
---
# Use the Injector as little as possible (preferably only once)

> Guice has a [built-in](../built_in_bindings.html) binding for the `Injector` but it should be used sparsely.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ray.Di has a [built-in](../built_in_bindings.html) binding for the `Injector` but it should be used sparsely.
```
